Enable end to end test on GKE cluster (#583)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/presets.md

| **preset-kyma-artifacts-bucket** | It defines the environment variable for the Kyma's artifact bucket.                     |
| **preset-stability-checker-slack-notifications** | It defines a webhook URL and a client token required for the Slack integration.                 |
| **preset-sap-slack-bot-token** | It sets the environment variable for the Slack token of the bot account in the SAP CX workspace. Find more information [here](https://api.slack.com/docs/token-types#bot).|

>  **preset-kyma-backup-credentials** | It sets the environment variable for the JSON file with the credentials for the service account. The file contains write a read permissions for the GCP bucket used for backups.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **preset-kyma-backup-credentials** | It sets the environment variable for the JSON file with the credentials for the service account. The file contains write and read permissions to the GCP bucket used for backups.|
```

> | **preset-kyma-backup-credentials** | It sets the environment variable for the JSON file with the credentials for the service account. The file contains write and read permissions to the GCP bucket used for backups.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **preset-kyma-backup-credentials** | It sets the environment variable for the JSON file with the credentials for the service account. The file contains write and read permissions for the GCP bucket used for backups.|
```
